Default filenames (#205)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_Package.md

Note that the API specification requires that filenames are unique within
endpoint objects, so this is always possible.

#### Default filenames

In some situations you may want file references to be found on disk
without directly specifying them in a json file, for instance to keep
json files simple or when providing organization logos or team photos
manually or from different systems. Files that use the default
filename pattern must be loaded in addition to any file references
found in the json files.

The default filename pattern is
`<endpoint>/<id>/<property>(.variant).<extension>`, where:

- `<id>` is the ID of the endpoint object the reference is in.
- `<property>` is the property of the object, e.g. `logo`.

> - `(.<variant>)` is an optional variant. Must be used when there are

Reviewer: I think this will depend on the choice made in https://github.com/icpc/ccs-specs/issues/202: for example if that would become an array of strings, then probably this should become `(.<variant>)*`. Bottom-line is that a filename should be uniquely mappable to a file reference object, I think.

Author: I agree - but this PR should be simple / match what we've been doing, and leave #202 to extend it.

  multiple files to avoid collisions.
- `<extension>` is a file extension corresponding to the mime type.

For images, the supported file extensions are:

| Mime type     | Extension(s)
| ------------- | ---------
| image/png     | png
| image/jpeg    | jpg, jpeg
| image/svg+xml | svg

> For images, the variant should be the width x height of the image,
> e.g. logo.56x56.png.

Reviewer: Aren't right now the width x height separate properties? So I'd change this to something like:
```suggestion
For images, the property (e.g. `logo`) should be followed by `.<W>x<H>` where W and H are the width and height of the image in pixels, then followed by any optional variants,
e.g. `logo.56x56.light.png`.
```

...
groups.json
organizations.json
organizations/kth.se/logo.56x56.png
organizations/kth.se/logo.160x160.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo.56x56.png

> organizations/baylor.edu/logo.160x160.png

Author: Good idea, repushed original commit with this change (and line before).
